Example Messages for Database

Anniversary

Time with you is my most precious resource. Our anniversaries remind me to be grateful about our past and hopeful for our future as we enjoy the present. Thank you for your time and your love.

Birthday

Hoping that your day will be as special as you are. May the years continue to be good to you. Happy birthday!

Birthday

Thinking of you with love on your birthday and wishing you everything that brings you happiness today and always.


Congratulations

Congratulations! This month marks your tenth year with the company. During the time you have worked with us, you have significantly contributed to our department's success, particularly in the area of sales where you have always been a leader that others could follow. We thank you for your enduring loyalty and diligence.
Enclosed is a gift certificate to help you celebrate this wonderful occasion. We wish you happiness and success now and always.


Get Well

May the good wishes and warm thoughts of those who care about you send a little cheerfulness into your world and help you feel better.


Graduation

We remember your first step, first day of school, first day of high school, and your first day at college. Take a moment to look back on your achievements. Realize all that you’ve accomplished and the footprints that you’ve laid. Each step has been a building block for your life. Congratulations for your graduation. We couldn’t be prouder.


New Baby

Congratulations!! This is such wonderful news that your new baby has arrived happy and healthy. May you find parenthood a breeze and be able to look back with fond memories. All the very best and as always please let me know if I can help out in any way.

Retirement

Recently I wished you congratulations on your retirement. But, I also want you to know what a blessing it's been to work with you over these past few years, and how much I will miss you. Then you responded to my note, and wouldn't you know it, your uplifting words encouraged me more than you could imagine. That's the special kind of person you are! 

Thank You

You made me feel so special when I opened your gift. I knew that you spent time, effort, and energy to make sure it was awesome, and it was just that. Thank you.

Wedding

Thank you so much for attending our wedding! It was such a delight to see you after all these years. We wanted to take a moment to send you the warmest well wishes and let you know how happy we were to see you there.